# Web Programming | Spring 2019 | Midterm Project

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Instructions
Using Sass, Gulp, P5.js, and Tone.js, the technologies we’ve learned through the first half of the semester, create an interactive, single-user, browser-specific project using any input that your computer accepts and outputs audio and video via a browser. The topic of your interactive project may be one or more of politics, art, consumerism, capitalism, animal rights, human rights, etc.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## Automated Workflow
You must use Gulp to develop this project, and you will need to implement two work flows: development and production. The development work flow must be invoked by typing `gulp` and should carry out common development tasks on HTML, Sass, and JavaScript, including browser refreshing.

The production work flow must be invoked by typing `gulp build` and should call up only production-level tasks, such as compressing files, including images.

For both work flows, running `npm i` must install the required Gulp modules.

* Use only version 4 or greater of Gulp.
* Include only tasks that your work flows use; no superfluous tasks.

See a [Gulp Template for HTML, CSS, Sass, and JavaScript](https://github.com/code-warrior/gulp-template-for-html-css-sass-js) for ideas, and also look at the various Gulp tutorials we’ve covered in class.

## Rules
* Running `gulp` must invoke the development work flow of this project.
* Running `gulp build` must invoke the production work flow of this project.
* Only submit files that are required by your project: Do not submit working files, such as `.psd`, `.ai`, `.indd`, or `.sketch` files.
* Use lowercase, combined with kebab case, to name folders and files (`do-this` or `do-this.html`); no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); no snake case (`not_this`).
* Observe a logical ordering of files in your scaffold, one in which audio, video, images, HTML files, Sass files, CSS files, and JavaScript files are neatly organized.
* Your HTML should validate against the `w3c-validation` Atom package.
* Your JavaScript should validate against the `linter-eslint` Atom package. (Install [this file](https://gist.github.com/code-warrior/c6f1b02730b6a7d08c241f5bf1b62258) as `.eslintrc.json` in your home directory.)
* Your Sass should validate against the `linter-sass-lint` Atom package. (Install [this file](https://github.com/code-warrior/web-dev-env-config-files/blob/master/sass/.sass-lint.yml) as `.sass-lint.yml` in your home directory.)

## WebStorm as Your IDE
Although we’ve been using Atom in class, feel free to replace it with WebStorm for this (and subsequent) projects in order to get familiar with a JetBrains-branded IDE.

## iArt Mix Exhibition
Consider approaching this project as an entry into this semester’s iArt Mix Exhibition.

## Due
10:00 AM on Tuesday, 16 April 2019.

## Submission
You will need to issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your fork was created. See the **Issuing Pull Requests** section of [this site](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/index.html) for help on how to submit your assignment.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. **No other form of submission will be accepted**.
